docs: Update documentation to reflect that `AuthenticationInfo` now stores a `String` `userIdentifier` (#279)
serverpod/serverpod_docs: docs/06-concepts/11-authentication/05-custom-overrides.md

);
```

In the above example, the `authenticationHandler` callback is overridden with a custom validation method. The method returns an `AuthenticationInfo` object with `userIdentifier` `"1"` and no scopes if the token is the literal "valid", otherwise `null`.

> 

Reviewer: Suggestion: Update the example to use the String notation instead, then we can explain the "legacy" userId method below in the note along that the `userIdentifier` takes and Object that `toString` is called on and that the internal representation is a `String` that is accessible through the `user` field.

Author: But wouldn't it read unusual to pass a literal number as `String` (like `"1"`).

I think in the current setup, with `1` passed, but the text mentioning `"1"` it's explicit that the conversion took place.

When a string is already passed in, there need not be any expectation of the "stringification".

:::note

> The `userIdentifier` passed to the `AuthenticationInfo` constructor, as the first parameter, will always be converted to a `String` and thus stored internally. For historical reasons there is a `userId` getter on the object that returns an `int`, if the string can be converted.

Reviewer: Question: A reference to the `userId` field is also used in the `02-basics.md` page. Should we update that section to to reflect that the "String" is available along with the parsing of the `userId`?

Author: Since the initial examples don't do anything specific with it (e.g. pass it to an old API requiring) `int` I updated them to use `userIdentifier`.

But we still need the `int` `userId` for the later example snippet that calls into `serverpod_auth` and presumably runs in the same method.

> The `userIdentifier` passed to the `AuthenticationInfo` constructor, as the first parameter, will always be converted to a `String` and thus stored internally. For historical reasons there is a `userId` getter on the object that returns an `int`, if the string can be converted.

Author: ```suggestion
The `userIdentifier` passed to the `AuthenticationInfo` constructor, as the first parameter, will always be converted to a `String` and thus stored internally. Since the default implementation of `serverpod_auth` uses numeric IDs for the users, there is a convenience getter `userId`, which returns the integer value.
```
